Project 0: Group Planning Document
Due Friday, September 2, 2022, at 10:59p
Please submit one per group to the "Project 0 Reflections" assignment on Canvas

Names: Nicholas Hoang, Alex Castillo
EIDs: nhh355 alc5938
Group Name: Shell Project 0
Favorite holiday of each person: Lunar New Year, Christmas

Link to your UTCS GitLab repository for this project: https://gitlab.cs.utexas.edu/shell-group-20/project-0-utcs-shell
(For instructions, check the Startup Resources on the CS439 Resources Guide and 
see the "Version Control and Git" document.)




How will you contact/are you contacting each other?

We will be contacting each other through text message.


How will you meet for the duration of this project?  In-person?  Virtually?  In-person with pandemic precautions?  What precautions?

We will mostly meet in-person.


What tools will you use for remote collaboration when meeting remotely?
(For guidance, see our Remote Collaboration Guide also on the Resources page.)

If we have to meet remotely, we will use discord and Live Share on VSCode


What are your goals for completing this project?

To complete the project in a timely manner and learn proper pair programming
etiquette. 


What did your group do well this week?

We were able to communicate effectively between each other for availability,
and found a lot of time to meet up to work on the project / problem set.


What do you not do well?

Going into the project, we felt that neither of us had a good understanding
of what needed to be done.


How could you improve?

We could improve more by reading the documentation more thoroughly before meeting 
and understanding how the idea implementing a method. We could also spend more
time designing the code and learning what new function calls do.


How well did your group communicate?  Describe any problems and potential
solutions.

We both communicated really well this week, describing availabilities and such.
No problems really arose while working together.


How well did you share programming time and collaborate on the design?
Describe any problems and potential solutions.

Overall, we split the time pretty evenly between us. Only Nicholas spent a little
time outside of meeting to look over the project.


What are your next steps?

Continue meeting together on a consistent basis and slowly working through
project 0.


When are you meeting next week? (Be specific, please! Day and Time)

At the very least, Monday and Wednesday after 1pm. We will decide more times to
meet as the week goes on, given availability


If one of you is running late, at what point should they contact the other?

If the other is running around 10 minutes late, at that point we should try
reaching out to the other.
